Holly Bennett
Location: Shenzhen, China | Nationality: British |

Profile Summary
Montessori English teacher experienced in creating immersive, engaging learning environments for
young, second language learners. Skilled in differentiated instruction, formative assessment and
fostering independence and confidence in early years education. Previously worked as a Higher
Education Admissions Officer in partnership with multiple UK universities, gaining strong skills in
communication, student guidance, compliance checks, and managing high application volumes.
Proven record of meeting KPIs, exceeding targets and building effective cross-departmental
relationships. Holder of a Level 5 TEFL Diploma and confident working with speakers of foreign
languages. Seeking opportunities to bring my combined teaching and administrative expertise into a
dynamic, student-focused setting.

Employment History
English Teacher, Jinlei Peninsula Kindergarten, Shenzhen
(January 2025– Present)

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Skills and responsibilities:
● Planning and delivering engaging English lessons for children aged 3–6, creating an
immersive ESL environment.
● Designing age-appropriate materials aligned with Montessori principles.
● Teaching additional subjects including Science, Art & Craft, and Dance.
● Using differentiated instruction and scaffolding for mixed-ability learners in group and
one-to-one settings.
● Conducting observations, formative assessments and weekly progress reports.
● Applying Montessori behaviour-guidance to promote independence and self-regulation.
● Managing daily routines and transitions to maintain a calm, structured classroom.
● Building positive relationships with students and communicating effectively with parents and
colleagues.
● Collaborated cross-culturally with Chinese teaching staff.

Admissions Officer, Global Banking School, Manchester
(June 2022 – January 2025)

​

​

​

​

Achievements and responsibilities:
● Conduct interviews and review assessments for applicants across HND, undergraduate and
postgraduate programmes.
● Ensuring compliance of accurate identity, visa, education and work history checks with
familiar use of the government Learning Records System, HMRC services and Student
Finance England.
● Provide information and guidance regarding course options for prospective students and
deal with all internal and external queries through outbound calls.
● Support business development, customer service, recruitment and student retention teams
in meeting targets, communicating on-going updates and providing a cohesive service

site-wide.
●​ Using software such as Zoho CRM and Excel to monitor and analyse statistics per
programme, campus and university.
●​ Running reports and routinely auditing files to ensure accuracy of processes.
●​ Familiarity in using the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages and
discerning eligibility criteria for both non-native and native English speakers.

Café Manager, The Union, Manchester Metropolitan University
(September 2020 – June 2022)
Achievements and responsibilities:
●​ Recruited, interviewed, and trained 20+ staff members.
●​ Created risk assessments in compliance with health and safety standards to ensure the
safeguarding of all staff.
●​ Conducted market research and implemented strategies to improve food and beverage
services.
●​ Introduced more inclusive lines of dietary requirements for halal, gluten-free, vegetarian and
vegan demographics.
●​ Refurbished the establishment to maximise space and ensured COVID-19 safety measures
such as Perspex screens and one-way systems were implemented to prioritise staff and
student wellbeing.
●​ Liaised with existing suppliers, managed accounts and built relationships with new suppliers.
●​ Completed relevant training qualifications including Level 3 Emergency First Aid at Work and
Fire Awareness alongside additional Mental Health Championing, Equality & Diversity
training, and Protection of Adults and Safeguarding from Abuse.

Education
Manchester Metropolitan University
(September 2017 – May 2020)
BA Hons, History, First Class Honours
Modules:
●​ Holocaust, the Destruction of European Jewry; A Women’s History of North America;
Prohibition to the Swinging Sixties
Dissertation:
●​ The Terror of Totalitarianism, the Nazi and Soviet Quest for Order in Wartime Poland,
1937-1945

St John Fisher Associated Sixth Form
(September 2015 – June 2017)
●​ English Literature (A) History (B) Psychology (C)

Cardinal Heenan Catholic High School
(September 2011 – July 2015)
●​ 11 GCSEs, grades A*-C

Courses: Level 5 Diploma in Teaching English as a Foreign Language, 168 hours, TTA
(April, 2023)

