SUNICA NEL
ENGLISH TEACHER

South Africa

OBJECTIVE
I am a TEFL qualified, hardworking teacher who love to teach my students and help them reach their
utmost potential. I love to help English language learners achieve fluency in English. My objective is to
obtain a teaching position where I can utilize my knowledge of advanced teaching methods such as
TEAM learning and e-learning. I’d like to develop and promote creativity and HIGH- order thinking
skills that increase the performance of the students.

EDUCATION —
Bachelor’s degree in
Education
-2019
New Skills Academy:
Child psychology certificate
-2022

EXPERIENCE

2019-2023 Magical bright beginnings SOUTH AFRICA
2023-2024 Peninsula Montessori SHENZHEN, CHINA

2019-Current

CURRENT
Gemkinder childhood development • Magical Bright
Teacher
• Childcare/Early
SHENZHEN,
China
Beginnings (Early
learning centre)

TEFL certificate
-2022

-2022

My responsibilities included – General childcare, providing learners
with one-to-one support, administrative tasks, setting assessments
and marking examinations, marking student work and recording
performance, encouraging student participation, planning and
preparing lessons.

KEY SKILLS
—

COMMUNICATION

Transcription certificate

-

Patience
Creative thinking
abilities
Capacity for
teamwork
Communication

I have experience in teaching children with learning disabilities and
special needs such as, ADHD and autism, I am an empathetic listener
and I do not lack confidence within my work as a teacher. I have
collaborated with colleagues to address teaching and research issues
within the workplace and have helped make difficult decisions
regarding the management of the school.

LEADERSHIP

Established and maintained a classroom environment that effectively
facilitates physical, social / emotional and intellectual development.
Counseled children when social, academic or adjustment concerns
arise. I have an open mind and adapt to change very quickly.

REFERENCES
[Available upon request.]

